doc: change wording of PR guidance (#47070)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-open-a-pull-request.md

>
> `fix(learn): tests for the do...while loop challenge`

> Whenever you opening a Pull Request(PR), you can use the below to determine the type, scope (optional), and description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whenever you open a Pull Request(PR), you can use the below to determine the type, scope (optional), and description.
```

**Description:**

> Keep it short,to the point (less than 30 characters) and simple, you can add more information in the PR description box and comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep it short, to the point (less than 30 characters) and simple, you can add more information in the PR description box and comments.
```

> Keep it short (less than 30 characters), to the point and simple, you can add more information in the PR description box and comments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Keep it short (less than 30 characters) and simple; you can add more information in the PR description box and comments.
```

3. Submit the pull request from your branch to freeCodeCamp's `main` branch.

> 4. In the body of your PR include a more detailed summary of the changes you made and why you changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the body of your PR, include a more detailed summary of the changes you made and how your changes are helpful.
```

> 4. In the body of your PR, include a more detailed summary of the changes you made and how your changes are helpful.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Include a more detailed summary of the changes you made and how your changes are helpful in the body of your PR.
```
